Pros:Great Picture, handles motion, good sound Cons:Stand is one piece and cannot be adjusted. The Bottom Line: Great TV for a larger bedroom or gameroom.
Bought a 2nd Xbox and it would not be fitting unless I had a new TV to go with it.  I have other products from Samsung, but when I saw this TV on sale for $380 I had to buy it.  My first plasma I know about the excessive heat issues as well as glare from light.  This set actually handles glare well.  A light is about 4 feet from the set and when on glare is barely there.  I planned to play on it and watch TV in the dark (in our master bedroom) but I leave the light on sometimes and don't even notice glare when it is on. 600hz makes motion on the set flawless.  On my Samsung LED the motion at times does cause issues.  With this plasma it is perfect for gaming and I notice very little lag.  The picture is crystal clear and rivals the 1080p set I have.  For me, I notice barely any difference in picture clarity in the two TV's.  OTA signals are the only thing that makes the difference between 1080p and 720p noticeable.  I plan to hook a Blu Ray up to the TV and I assume the clarity will be different, but 720p is very nice and 1080p to me, is over kill. The set is Energy Star rated, so the notorious "energy hog" label is not here with this plasma.  Sound is very good and crisp even at high levels.  A sound bar is really not needed unless you are a sound nut and have to have it perfect.  Only two HDMI inputs and I don't understand why Samsung only puts two on their cheaper flat panel TV's.  Three should be minimum four would be perfect. The only other complaint I have is the stand.  All the TV's I own that are Samsung have solid stands.  Is it so hard to ask to get a stand that tilts as well as rotates?  It makes you place the TV at a level you will watch it at instead of moving it to improve viewing.  Looking at the set at angles is very good and you can almost be at 90 degrees to the TV without picture quality going down. I have not even adjusted the settings on the set because I like the picture so much.  Great TV and if any of my other TV's die I will buy another. 
