Pros:Lightweight Multiple apps Mostly Affordable 720p display Great sound Versatil Cons:Could have better functionality. The Bottom Line: For someone looking for a small TV with almost every modern capability besides Bluetooth, this would be a great buy! If you want something simple and cheap, look elsewhere.
My boyfriend and I bought this Philips 32" HD LED Smart TV because we needed a small but practical TV for our tiny room. We bought it because of the clear picture, reasonable price, and Smart capabilities.   Likes: What's great about it is the wide variety of apps that are already programmed onto the TV.  Among its many built in applications are Netflix, Vudu, Youtube, Huluplus, Pandora, Chow.com, Portico, Tag Games (checkers, chess, poker, pool, etc.), Film Fresh, Facebook, Weather, Cinema Now, and any other apps you want to transfer onto your TV. One thing I love about operating the Pandora app is that you can “Thumbs-Up” a song, change the station, or create a new station, all with the push of one button. The picture and sound quality on the TV are both exceptional, which is a huge deciding factor for most people when browsing through a selection of Televisions. Although we did buy a surround system for this TV, its sound is beautifully clear and broad just by itself.  Dislikes:  What I really don't like about this TV is that the navigation for both Youtube and Netflix are incredibly slow. It takes a good 5 seconds sometimes after pressing a button, to actually get a response on the TV. This could be due to our internet connection, but typically our wireless Internet is extremely fast. Another disliked feature is that if you try to turn the volume down by touching the Volume Up/Down spot on the TV, it actually pauses your program, but does not alter the volume. This feature is misleading, but easy to get used to.  Overall this TV was a good buy, but given the choice of a Vizio or Sony brand television of the same size and capabilities, we would have gone with one of those, rather than a Philips. The TV does not have physical buttons on the TV itself, but instead all Volume and Channel options are Touch Sensored. This doesn’t bother me too much, but for some people, having an actual button to push makes for a more solid and reliable product.  Specifics:  This television is very versatile, equipped with three HDMI inputs, and a headphone and VGA jack for your computer. It also has Video/Audio, and Component Video cable inputs. It has a USB port, which means you can add files, downloads, games, apps, etc. to your TV. Additionally, it has a LAN input, as well as your cable TV input connection. On the remote, there are shortcut buttons for Netflix and Vudu. There are four buttons on the TV remote labeled "App 1," "App 2," "App 3," and "App 4." You can program these buttons with whatever apps you like, so you don't have to go back to the NetTV (application) menu and select the app.  Of course, you can only use applications if you have either an Ethernet cable that can be hooked up to your Internet Modem directly, and/or a wireless connection that the TV can operate its smart capabilities through.  
