Pros:EVERYTHING. Cons:Nothing. The Bottom Line: It is bloody awesome.
User Rating:ExcellentSound: Ease of Use: Picture Quality: Durability: Pros:Superior picture and sound.  Cons:NoneNone The Bottom Line:Quality TV for a price that's too good to be believed. I purchased my Coby LEDTV 2316 23" Flat Screen TV right after the  ‘digital migration” rendered my old tv useless. I learned that to get a picture, I need to get a digital cable adapter.   I was tired of the old bulky TV, and since I had to get a digital adapter anyway, I figured that I might as well get a new flat screen TV.  I went down to Fry's electronics, compared the different TV sets, and decided on the Coby TFT LED 2316 model.  On the way home, we picked up the cable box, and within minutes, I had a working TV in my study. The picture on the Coby LEDTV2316 is crystal clear and if the color is not just right, I go into menu and adjust thebrightness, contrast, colors, tint, and sharper bar in the center of the monitor to get the picture I want.    There are also choices for picture, audio, channels and settings. I love the fact that the TV is so light-weight.  I have big desk, and the 23’ TV fit perfectly on one end.  Since I couldn’t get the Coby remote to work with the Comcast Digital Adapter (it stubbornly refused to accept the different programmable codes) I needed two remotes.  I use the Coby Remote for the On Off, Menu, and Volume functions, and the Comcast remote for Switching Channels.  I save myself some frustration by putting yellow stickers on each remote telling me what each one does.  The sound is especially good on the Coby TFT (my spouse is hard of hearing) but has no problem popping in my study and hearing what  Rachel Maddow might have to say.  As a writer of an occasional cable TV script, I need to watch a lot of TV to familiar myself with the specific needs of the various programs.  Not to mention the occasional writer’s block; Nothing breaks a writer’s block quicker than getting away from writing and watching the news, or one of Bravo’s Real Housewives programs.  I’m not exactly rich and I didn't want to pay a lot for a television for my study.  Needless to say, I was thrilled to see that the cost of the Coby LEDTV, 23” flat screen was $189.00!  My old fat TV cost more than that.  I’ve had the Coby for five months, and so far, I’ve not had one complaint.   Other than the fact that one remote should be all that's necessary to operate your TV.   But then again, that's not the TV's fault.  # Recommended: Yes 
