Pros:Good quality product, good screen, easy to use. Cons:Hard to set up and get working especially PVR. The Bottom Line: I love it and use it everyday. Definately good value. Not easy to set up and requires patience and technical skills.
I received this from my husband for Christmas last year and I love it. It took some fiddling to make everything work ie dvd, web and email but since then no problems. I really recommend that you put the base unit up high. I had it down low connected to my computer and the range wasn't great. Now I can go anywhere with it and it doesn't fade in and out. We live in a 3500 ft2 condo and it literally works everywhere. I take it into the bathroom and set it up to play while I am in the bath. I put it in the slot on my treadmill so that I can watch and walk. I use a stretchy snap strap to secure it so that it doesn't bounce off the treadmill. Best of all though is that I put it beside me in bed and watch tv as I drift off. Love it! We have only two televisions in the house. This one which I drag around with me and the big one in the tv room. It is great because otherwise I would have probably bought three or four. Features: TV-The buttons on the top all feel the same and you can push the wrong one easily. Volume up/down is next to the off button and I often mix up when I am switching from Video to TV and push the capture button. It is possible to watch DVDs or PVR recordings from your computer but it can be complicated to set up. Web-The browser is pretty basic and klunky and I only use it for basic stuff like when something on tv or a commercial comes up and I want to look it up right away or if I remember a site I wanted to check out while I am watching tv. I wouldn't use it regularly for work. Same goes for the email features. It is ok for the occasional reply or to read your emails but if you are going to do that regularly get a wireless laptop. Capture is cool. Just push the capture button and it does a screen capture and saves the file. I have captured stars whose hair I like and taken the photos to my hairdresser. I have also captured some cool photos of the figure skating that I can then either send via email or print. All in all I am very pleased with the product. The screen quality is good and I find the 12" to be adequate for single person viewing. 
