Pros:Best black level and best handling of motion, stylish frame, natural colors Cons:None found The Bottom Line: Don't buy a big screen TV without considering the Sharp Aquos line!
When I remodelled my house, I created a dedicated theater room.  Of course, the center of any theater room is the theater, or big screen television.  I did a LOT of research before buying, including the agonizing study of dozens and dozens of televisions and trying to divine the ancient mystery: Plasma or LCD?  Before you plunk down thousands of dollars for anything, you really need to do your homework.  The first part of this review discusses LCD versus Plasma, and if you are already up to speed on such things, you can skip down.  But I felt it was important to give you the benefit of my research if you are approaching this decision for the first time.  My new theater room is 13 wide by 16 deep, with two level seating.  The first row, where the wife and I sit, is 11 feet from the screen.  Be sure to sit and look at the sets at the same distance you will be in your home.  Bring a tape measure!  Ideal height is to put the center of the picture just slightly above eye level.  Avoid putting any tv high on a wall where you will have to look up to watch it. As most of you know, Plasma owned the market until recently.  LCDs have come a long way in the last few years.  You can google "Differences between LCD and Plasma" and get hundreds of hits, but to summarize, plasma tvs use pixel cells that are excited by electric current to basically glow a certain color (red, green, or blue).  These pixel cells (which are like a tiny light bulb) are separated by black bars.  This is the way traditional tube sets work except that in older tube sets an electron beam strikes a colored phosphor on the inner tube to create the light.  Plasma sets had a reputation for "phosphor burn" which means if an image is on the screen too long in one place, it would permanently burn into the screen, and create a dark area.  Additionally, plasma sets in the cheap range sometimes exhibited an audio buzzing during bright scenes.  Burn in was not an issue with LCDs, but I believe newer plasmas have also solved this problem. LCDs use a "backlight" source of white light, which is "allowed" to pass through to certain colors.  This was the early limitation of LCD response times, since the speed at which a Thin Film Transistor (TFT) can open or close determines how well the TV could handle fast action with clarity.  So black levels on an LCD can be quite dramatic, because the TFT design can deny all light coming through.  With Plasma, sometimes the black levels appear a bit grayish.   But behind every LCD "black" spot is still a brightly lit backlight! Another issue is reflections.  When viewing the set with lights in the room or sunlight coming in, can you see reflections in the screen that compete with the picture?  Many plasma sets have very shiny screen surfaces, which reflect light.  LCDs often have more of a low gloss screen, and can be less susceptible to reflected light in the vicinity.  So back to my dilemma.  LCD or Plasma.  Well, by the time I bought my tv back in June of 2008, LCD response times were so good (around 4 milliseconds) that the Sharp model being reviewed here now boasts 120Hz frame rate conversion.  What does that mean?  Well, in short it means the set can reproduce fast action without blur, or without jerkiness associated with panning effects.  The best at doing this is the Sony MotionFlow, but the cost of their equivallent TV (70 inch) was almost $30,000.00 when I bought mine, so it was out of the question.   At that time, Sony only offered a 52 inch and a 70 inch.  The 52 inch was around $4,000.00 and the 70 inch was eight times as much!  For a long time I thought that I should simply save money and go with the 52 inch.  I'm glad I went for the 65 inch size.  Size does matter!  At first, I thought 65 inches would be too big.  If you are used to watching a small 35 inch tube set, as I was, you need to get used to the bigger screens before making that decision. However, let me say that I found the Sony MotionFlow produced an image that was sort of hyper realistic, sort of 3D looking.  Their demo of a moving merry-go-round really makes the point, but in order to achieve completely blur free images during fast motion, the "computer" in the TV has to make some guesses as to what is going to happen next.  Don't get me wrong, MotionFlow is an interesting technology, but the Sharp TV is so good, you really don't need to spend extra bucks to get MotionFlow unless you really like the Sony picture best anyway. So LCD or Plasma you ask?   I read many reviews and blogs on this, and could not come to any definitive conclusion one way or the other.  The only way to settle it was to go SEE some sets side by side.  I went to Best Buy, Costco, Sears... basically anywhere I could see the TVs.   I saw, during my investigation of Plasma sets, that during fast motion, many plasmas had a green blur that was just behind the moving image.  I did not see anything like that with the newer LCDs.  Beware of sales people trying to push you toward a particular model.  Sales people often knew less than I did, and would tell me things I knew were not correct to encourage the purchase of the model that was on their "Sell" list for the store.  In my town, we have a company called Pacific Sales, which is a subsidiary of Best Buy.  This is where I finally made my purchase.  The staff of their theater section is very very knowledgable, and allowed me literally hours of watching the sets, asking questions, and coming back week after week until I decided.   There was no pressure and lots of great information, as the sales person was familiar with all the features, including advanced settings. Based on my personal taste, I decided LCD was the way to go.  Now what brand?  I have owned several small Sharp Aquos (13 inch) tvs, and they had the sharpest picture of the models I tested. The final determination came down to Sony or Sharp as the best of the best, but the big screen Sony was out of my league price wise.   Final determination was the Sharp LC-65SE94U for it's outstanding picture.  It offered two things I really wanted.  First the blackest black levels and, short of the WAY expensive Sony, the best handling of motion blur and film conversion (24 frame action). Take my word for it, no picture looks realistic unless blacks are very black.  It's stylish and non-reflective black matte case and non-reflective screen sealed the deal. Most large screen TVs are what we call FULL 1080 HD, which translates to 1920x1080 resolution (that's the number of pixels horizonally and vertically).  The more pixels, the sharper the image.  Now does every TV need this much resolution?  No.  With smaller sets (i.e., below 42 inch), the human eye does not need so much precision, since the screen is smaller.  In smaller size sets, you can get away with "medium" HD, or 720p, which is much less expensive and although still HD, will list as 1366x768.   However, when you are talking about TVs above 42 inch, the larger screen size will require lots more pixels in order to look crisp.  You may or many not notice 720p in a smaller set, but you certainly will in larger screen sizes.  In big screens, 1080 is the only way to go and with the cost coming down, it will soon be the standard for all sets I believe. A common question is what is the difference between 1080p and 1080i.  The short answer is "not much".  It is simply the difference between whether the picture is made by drawing each individual pixel (P) or by interlacing screens like older televisions do (I).  Blu-ray supports 1080p.  Most cable systems currently offer only 1080i, but it all looks great. A few comments on buying big screen tvs.  The price is negotiable.  When I first looked at the Sharp 65 inch, the best price offered was around $7,500.00.  I went to several places and mentioned the other guy's price.  The second guy offers the set at $6,900.00.   I went back and forth, and by the time I was done, the price I paid was $5,900.00 (all within a month), so it pays to take your time and work the price.   Of course, today the set sells in the $5,000.00 range but that's the nature of technology.   I wanted it back in July, not 7 months later! So once I made the best deal I could, I anxiously awaited my new TV delivery.  I did the wall mounting myself, and I had  prewired the room for dolby 5.1 surround sound.  I turned the TV on, selected the Planet Earth blu-ray disk, and it literally knocked my socks off.  Of course, I had looked at the floor model at Pacific Sales for a month off and on, but in my theater room, I was in awe.  This picture was nothing short of incredible.  With LCDs, like the set I am reviewing, the angle of viewing is virtually from side to side without loss of image.  This is not necessarily the case with plasma.  High definition programming is precise.  But an issue I worried about was how would low definition programming look.  Some HD sets look absolutely awful when displaying older TV programs.  Not the Sharp set. You can certainly tell what is and is not HD, but it's much better than I thought it would be.  Normal DVDs (not blu-rays) are very good looking.  The setup was simple and intuitive.  The set offers FIVE HD inputs including 3 HDMI cable inputs, so there's plenty of connection points.  Watch out for sets that offer only 2 HDMI jacks, as most everything is going HDMI for connectors.   I had a cable TV HD box, so I simply hooked up the HDMI cable and my blu-ray player, and I was good to go.  For my sound system, I used the variable audio output from the tv to feed my dolby 5.1 audio receiver, which allows me to control volume in the room without having to use a separate remote for the receiver. The connection points are conveniently located on the under side and on the right edge, out of sight, but easy to get to without removing the set off the wall mount. A couple of interesting features.  The TV allows you to turn off the picture, but still stay powered on, for example, if you want to make the room dark but listen to a music video or music only channel.  The TV screen can be turned off while the set is on.  This saves the back light.  Even though the set is rated for 60,000 hours back light life, you want to conserve the backlight whenever possible.  Remember, that whenever the set is turned on, even when the screen is black (like when the cable box is on screen saver), your backlight is lit. Other features that are nice include full control over color saturation, but frankly, I just "plug and played" this baby, and I did not have to tinker with any "advanced" features.  To suit my taste, I turned the brightness down a bit--it looks more natural and saves the wear on the backlight.  It also has a feature that allows the brightness to adjust to room ambient light.  In a bright room, it brightens up and if the room is dark, it darkens slightly so the set is not too hot looking.  This feature works very well and I leave it on all the time.  The colors on this set look good right out of the box. It also will "sync" with an HDMI source.  This means that when I put a Blu-Ray disk in my Sharp Blu-ray player, the TV automatically changes input source to the blu-ray so that when the blu-ray is ready to play, the TV is on that input and ready to go.  Nice.   You can re-label inputs to custom names (instead of generic "INPUT 5").  Another feature is the ability of the set to connect to the internet.  I have not used this feature, but the instruction manual shows how the screen becomes basically a virtual keyboard.  Of course, you can connect USB devices and games.  I can only imagine what a video game would look like at 65 inches!  This is also something I have not tried yet.  The TV comes with its own speaker grill, which fits below the TV frame on the bottom, but no self-respecting audiophile will consider using them.  However, if you don't have a quality surround sound system, you don't have to buy speakers.  If you buy this big a set, I presume you have the best speakers and a great receiver.  I left the speaker grill off the set.  It looks better. The set has a built in digital tuner, so you can get the new off-air digital signals, but I presume you will have HD cable TV or HD satellite TV, so you won't be using the built in tuner anyway.  One last piece of advice.  These sets are heavy (112 pounds) and bulky, so you really want to buy from someplace you can drive to.  Ordering on the internet sounds appealing to save a few bucks, but consider the hassles and cost of shipping this bad boy back if it comes not working or breaks during the warranty.  Do yourself a favor and buy locally and also get an extended warranty for IN HOME repair, as you do not want to have to ship or carry such a heavy piece of technology.  There are lots of features, but nothing that isn't found on other televisions, so if you are considereing this TV or want to ask a specific question, don't hesitate to comment and I will be glad to answer it. I've now been using the TV for almost 6 months.  I have had no problems and my wife thinks this is the best purchase we ever made.  I'm a hero, thanks to the Sharp LC-65SE94U.  Thank you, Sharp engineers!  SHARP SPECIFICATIONS: _______________________________  AQUOS Net delivers customized Internet content and live customer support via Ethernet, viewable in full-screen, split screen or sidebar format. Full HD 1080p (1920 x 1080) Resolution for the sharpest picture possible. Next-generation 10-Bit ASV LCD Panel from Sharp's Kameyama factory, producing a 27,000:1 Dynamic Contrast Ratio and a 4ms response time. 120Hz Frame Rate Conversion for the ultimate in fast-motion picture quality. Cornerstone Design with space-saving slim bezel and thin profile for elegant placement in any room, featuring unique textured black finish. . Enhanced Black Level provides the deepest, most accurate black of any flat panel TV. Five-wavelength Backlight System enables the display of very deep greens and crimson reds, widening the available color spectrum. High Brightness (450 cd/m2) AQUOS LCD TVs are very bright. You can put them virtually anywhere – even near windows, doors or other light sources – and the picture is still vivid. Built-in ATSC/QAM/NTSC Tuners provide access to DTV and analog TV channels. AQUOS Link™ Function enables convenient control of an AQUOS Blu-ray Disc™ player via HDMI™ using the AQUOS TV remote. Five 1080p Compatible Inputs including 3 HDMI™ inputs (v 1.3 with x.v. color) and two HD component inputs. Specifications Screen Size 65" Class (64-33/64" Diagonal) Panel Type Advanced Super View / Black TFT Panel Pixel Resolution 1920 x 1080 Brightness 450 cd/m2 Viewing Angles 176º H x 176º V Lamp Life 60,000 hours1 Audio System 15W + 15W 
