Pros:Inexpensive, good picture, slim profile Cons:Audio not so great No audio output The Bottom Line: Great secondary TV.
Our kitchen computer died last month. It was a nice Sony all-in-one wall mount that we used to watch TV and stream Pandora radio. Unfortunately it was very expensive to fix (new motherboard needed) so it has been moved to the electronic recycle lab. We realized that we missed having the ability to watch some news while preparing meals or listen to Pandora radio while we eat. I didn’t want to do another all-in-one computer so I looked into a wall mount HD television. We didn’t really want a monster size that would overshadow our kitchen bar table so I was leaning toward 22 to 26 inches. After a lot of research I found this Samsung 22 inch that was on sale. It has 1080 resolution an antenna input along with two HDMI inputs. It also has a VESA 75mm hole pattern on the back for wall mounting. This let me use the exising wall mount we had for the Sony computer. The picture looks great if you feed it a nice signal. When it gets standard definition (SD) it looks kind of blocky but that is what TV used to look like. Our cable in the house has a lot of SD channels over the antenna cable (no cable box) but there are also a few HD channels that the Samsung picked up when I ran the auto channel setup. Those channels look awesome. My only complaint is that the audio is pretty bad. The Sony computer had an awesome sound so the Samsung is getting compared to that (the Sony also cost 10 times more). The Samsung has downward facing speakers that sound very tinny. Sure you can figure out what is being said but there is no ambience to speak of. Since there is no audio output (headphone or optical) there is no way to send the audio to some other speakers to improve the sound. I hooked up our Apple TV and the image looks very good. I thought there was Pandora on Apple TV but I was wrong. There are a lot of streaming radio stations that can provide some nice background music while we make meals. I think the 26 inch TV would look a bit better (and probably sound better) but it was almost $100 more than this model so I guess you do get what you pay for. Overall we are happy with the much less expensive replacement for our kitchen. Bradman 
