Pros:Easy assembly, slim, clear picture, eco-friendly. Cons:Not 1080 HD. The Bottom Line: I would easily recommend this for a small room as long as 1080 is not a concern.
It was time to replace my old 20 inch tube television in the bedroom.  It was very difficult to see things such as words and sports scores on the screen.  I had some gift cards for Target and watched their ads until I saw this.  I am happy with the Magnavox 1080p HD TV I purchased almost a year ago, and since Philips is the same company, that was a factor in my decision.  Although the new 32 inch TV is only 720p, that is all I need for the bedroom.  For the sale price of $229, I am happy with it so far. First, the television is very light and easy to assemble.  A Phillips screwdriver is required to mount the stand with the three included screws, but one person can easily accomplish that task.  The TV is also very slim, much slimmer than our 39 inch set.  After the TV is set up and powered on, you can have it automatically search for channels, but this was not necessary due to our satellite provider.  I had to “connect” the second TV using the Dish Network remotes and that was relatively simple.  One very nice thing about this TV is the settings assistant.  It shows a series images on the screen and you select if you prefer the left side or right side better, much like being at the eye doctor.  After the TV and satellite connection were hooked up, I noticed that the picture was not in HD even on the HD channels.  It turns out that a second receiver is needed to accomplish this.  Alternately, I could run a long HDMI cable, but HDMI does not travel well over distances.  Even with the standard definition of 480p, the picture is still much clearer than the old box TV.  Next, this TV is very eco-friendly.  It uses LED’s which are very energy efficient.  The estimated annual cost of running the television is only seven dollars.  The LED also makes the picture clearer.  The screen refresh rate is 60Hz, but there is no real difference between 60 and 120.  Like our 39 inch Magnavox, there is no shortage of hookups.  There are three HDMI inputs, one composite video input, one component input, one USB input, and a headphone jack. Like all HD TV’s, an antenna can also easily be connected to watch free over the air digital channels. The two Dolby Digital speakers sound just fine for the bedroom so no sound bar will be needed.  The remote control is very basic and straightforward but I like the simplicity of it.  The source can easily be changed from TV to DVD or computer if hooked up.  The controls on the TV are sensors which it makes it very easy to turn the unit on or off or to change the source.  To conclude, this is a great second TV or a great TV for a small apartment or living room, especially considering the price.  Even when not in HD, the picture is very clear.  It is very easy to assemble and set up and is very user-friendly.  If you are in the market for a TV in this size range and are not concerned with the difference between 720 and 1080 and are not looking for a smart TV, this is a good choice. 
