Pros:Great value for an impressive set Cons:Less 'smart' than some.  It would be nice to have an antiglare display. The Bottom Line: I bought it after doing lots of research and do not regret having spent the money.
My reviews tend to evolve.  I usually start off with my initial impressions of the device and then expand the review as I gain experience, making comments of such niceties as user friendliness, bugs, manufacturer support and so on. This review of my brand new (and unfortunately end-of-line) Panasonic plasma television is going to be one of those. My home theater has been getting very long in the tooth - the video display was an old (and extremely expensive at the time) Hitachi rear projection CRT in 4:3 format that had no HDMI inputs - that's not a bad thing, because NOTHING beats analog I/O in terms of lush and accurate color rendition. But the images have been weakening and to be honest, wasting a 52 inch screen in letterbox formats was a waste of screen real-estate - the massive 55 inch console was essentially delivering a 32 inch picture. This year it was time.  I rolled out the Hitachi and put up a brand new Panasonic.  I've other plasma displays in my home and I really prefer the images with this technology - my LED televisions are way too bright, have poor black level performance and don't look 'natural'. When my sales rep at a distribution house I deal with suggested that plasma technology was being discontinued and that now was the time, I decided to jump in. It turns out that plasma isn't actually going anywhere (yet).  While Panasonic is discontinuing THEIR plasma displays, Samsung is introducing new ones - and the very high end is populated by names we don't often hear that are also delivering plasma devices, though OLED and other technologies are indeed catching up. Note that the half-life (the point where the light output drops to half of when new) for current generation plasmas is about 30 years, based on 8 hours of viewing per day.  Today you can buy a 60 inch 1080p HD LED television for less than 800 bucks (and that number is going down).  So why would I spend $1,500 for essentially a slightly larger version of the same thing (and at that, not a third of what Panasonic commands for their top of the line model in that size).  