Pros:Great picture, feature loaded Cons:Breaks, unable to be repaired by authorized repair repeatedly The Bottom Line: A feature filled television with wonderful picture quality and form factor but lasted only 3 months then was unrepairable.  It was returned under warranty.
We purchased the Samsung UN55ES8000 as our primary TV in our family room.  We decided on this set for its stunning graphics, beautiful form and numerous features.  The TV itself is an LED TV with a 240MHz refresh rate and very good color out of the box that does not require too much modifications.  First, the connectivity of the television is typical.  Three HDMI ports with one capable of ARC, one for CEC, and one for DVI.  There is also legacy component inputs as well as a direct coaxial input.  Finally there is USB inputs and the TV has an expansion slot for future upgrades by Samsung.  The overall formfactor was one of the reasons that we purchased the TV.  It has a very thin bezel and overall thickness.  At the bottom center of the television is a small Samsung symbol that glows when the television is turned on.  At the top center of the television is a small camera and the IR receiver for the set.  The television also comes with two remote controls.  A standard button remote and a touch interface remote.  Both performed equally well.  On the rear of the television is a control pad for cycling through the menus for use without a remote.  The software features of the 8000 is plentiful.  It can be directly connected to the internet by ethernet or wireless.  Setup is simple through the menus.  The internet connection gives you the ability to access youtube, netflix, hulu, etc directly through the television as well as the ability to use Samsungs phone remote apps.  The unique features of this television is the motion control and voice command control.  You can activate the motion control and use hand gestures to adjust menu items, volume, etc.  The voice feature is similar except it responds to your voice commands.     The first 3 months we had this television there were no issues.  The voice control was convenient especially if we didn't want to hunt down the remote.  The motion control was fairly useless.  This may be due to the position of the television and the brightness of the room the set was in. We were extremely pleased with the picture quality of the set.   3 months into owning the set is when the gremlins began appearing.  At first, there was the occasional freezing of the screen followed by the set powering on and off spontaneously.  Over the course of two weeks, the television began doing this continuously and was unwatchable.  The only way to stop the process was to unplug it.  Samsung sent a repair service to fix the set and they replaced the main board.  The set worked for under 12 hours before it began having the same issues again.  Again Samsung sent the TV back for repairs and they again replaced the mainboard.  On return of the set, the television worked for 8 hours before the problems began again.  Samsung customer service finally issued a full refund for the set.  The repair and return process from the onset of the problem took about two months.  We have never owned a Samsung TV set before and unlikely to buy another set.  I don't know if we just received a bad set but, it was not a good sign when the return freight shipper stated this is the 30th Samsung set of this type theyve had to pickup and send back to Samsung.             
