Pros:design price bright screen thin frame sound energy efficient Cons:bad picture quality heavy short power cord few picture settings The Bottom Line: Decent TV for masters bedroom but not good for living room, movie room etc If you are planning to impress quests or want to really enjoy great movie.
I got this TV just a week ago. Our 7 year-old Zenith 50" plasma TV died in master bedroom so we dicided to get this one. We have plasma Panasonic Viera 3D TV VT series so I have TVs to compare. I have mixed up feeling about this tv. First of all, this model in not 3D model like it says at this web site - it's just regular plasma TV - all 3D models have PM letters on their model number but not PA. I like the price 699$ for 60inch plasma TV. All TVs in our house are plasma so there was no question our new one will be plasma as well. Like everybody says after you owned plasma you don't want LEDs. Well...let's move on. I did not like how TV was packed on the factory - my 200$ laser printer was packed 100 times better and safer than this 60" TV. So If you buy it on-line make sure you check it when it's delivered to make sure it's not damaged. The TV is much heavier than I thought. Also 60" TVs use 8m bolts to install them on the wall mount but not 6m like 50" ones. I do like the ultra thin frame - it's much thinner compare to all other TVs we had. The actual picture is OK. I can not say great - not even close. When I watch nice blu-ray the picture is fine but nt amazing. When I watch HD channels it's much worse quality than our 7 y.o. Zenith. The TV does not handle regular nonHD channels that well. Honestly I was expecting much better quality. I tried to change the sharpness, contrast etc on the settings but I can not say it helped that much. There are not many setting to adjust the picture quality - very primitive. The pictures are blurry - maybe because this TV is 60" and all ours were 50". The sound is good - it's not too quiet and it's clear. The menu is not glitching and it's pretty fast. All ports are excessible easily. I like the energy saving feature  - there is light sensor in TV and when it's lightTV's screen is much brighter and lighter than when it's dark in the room. Also I forgot to tell - TV power cord is really short. The screen is not dark at all for beeing plasma TV - it's much lighter than Panasonic plasmas. I did not have any dead (burnt) pixels on the screen but on manuals it says if you have some dead pixels on the screen it's not bad and TV will still be reliable and work just fine. SO I am NOT SURE If they will replace the TV If you will get one with dead pixels. I would say for master's bedroom to watch TV before you go to sleep it does it's job but If you want to watch movies in great quality or impress guests - this TV is not for you. 
