Pros:Built in WiFi, USB Port, bright and colorful display Cons:Viewing angle, motion performance The Bottom Line: Overall, the ES6100F offers a descent performance, many connectivity options and the Smart hub is a great addition to this TV.
Design The Samsung ES6100F is a slim TV with beautiful design and is packed with a decent amount of connectivity options. Overall, the Samsung ES6100F is smartly built, and has a lot of Samsung's best design ideas for 2012. On the back of the Tv you've a Jog Stick, pressing the Jog Stick while the TV is on will open up a quick menu, allowing changes to things like input, picture mode, or closed captions. The http://reviews.lcdtvbuyingguide.com/lcdtvpics/samsung/es6100-2445.jpg has a big central button for the Smart hub, two big buttons for the channel and for the volume, a full number pad and navigation buttons for navigation trough the menu and Smart hub. Connectivity On the back you've 3 HDMI inputs, 3 USB inputs, EX-LINK port for service updates, audio inputs for DVI (PC) and analog devices (3.5 mm) , a LAN input, digital output for SPDIF audio (surround system) and a coaxial jack input. The Samsung ES6100F offers a great connectivity hub that is easy to access thanks to the stands swiveling. Image and audio performance The Samsung's ES6100F is a LED Fullhd TV, it's native 1080p picture supports all NTSC resolutions and formats. The image quality wasn't that great, but after calibration, coloration, contrast and black levels where almost perfect. Now the colors are vivid and accurate, and the contrast is very good. I noticed that the viewing angle isn't that good, but it's not a huge problem.  I find the motion performance a bit lacking when gamin or watching something with fast-action events. Gamers might find this a deal-breaker but don't worry, it'll not ruin your experience. If you don't want to change the settings/calibrate, than I recommend "Movie" without "Motion Plus" as picture mode. This one has the best brightness, saturation and black levels. When I tried Dynamic as picture mode, I noticed that the brightness is too much, even in sunlight coming in from the side. The TV packs two down-facing 10-watt speakers. The volume is quite good, but the bass tone isn't that great, but it's enough for the most people. The audio is quite good, you've a lot of settings that you can change. But again if you don't want to change the setting you can use one of presetted modes, I found that Movie is again the best. The sound is than much more natural and clear. Smart hub The TV comes with Samsungs smarthub where you can download apps, browse the internet, watch youtube video's etc. Samsung's smart hub is the best smart platform, offering access to streaming content, browser, apps, connected USB devices and wireless connected devices. The menus are easy to comprehend and loads quickly. The browser is easy to use but navigating is quite slow, especially with the standard remote. Smart hub offers apps like facebook, netflix, twitter etc. They are easy to use but they lack a few functions. In the box you get the TV, the power cable, remote control, two AA batteries, and a quick start guide. The TV consumes about 90 Watt in film mode, that more than the average TV in the same price range. These are the settings that I used for calibration: Standard Mode Backlight: 10 Contrast: 95 Brightness: 45 Sharpness: 50 Color: 33 Tint: G51 HDMI Black level: Low Dynamic Contrast: Low Black Tone: Dark Flesh Tone: 0 RGB Only: Off Color Space: Auto Gamma: +1 ColorTone: Warm 1 DNF: Auto MPEG: Auto Film mode: Off Auto Motion: Clear LED Motion: Off 
